Methods: stratified CV/gene count description (#8)
greenelab/mpmp-manuscript: content/03.methods.md

To choose the elastic net hyperparameters, we used 3-fold nested cross-validation, with a grid search over the same hyperparameter ranges used in Way et al. 2020 [@doi:10.1186/s13059-020-02021-3]: $\lambda$ = [0.15, 0.16, 0.2, 0.25, 0.3, 0.4] and $\alpha$ = [0.1, 0.13, 0.15, 0.2, 0.25, 0.3].
Using the grid search results, for each evaluation fold we selected the set of hyperparameters with the optimal area under the receiver-operator curve (AUROC), averaged over the three inner folds.

Although we stratified our train and test datasets for cancer type and sample type, we opted not to stratify by label.
In other words, we did not ensure that cross-validation splits had proportions of positive (mutated) and negative (non-mutated) samples that were exactly equal to each other; we instead sampled randomly with respect to labels.

> Label-stratified cross-validation chooses test sets that have exactly the same label balance as the training set, which could lead to an overly optimistic model evaluation, or could choose a model that is less robust to shifts in the label proportion than one that is trained and evaluated without controlling label balance.

Reviewer: It seems like it might be overly optimistic or even overly pessimistic. I wonder if the key is that there is also structure between the labels (i.e., mutual exclusivity or similar).

However, sampling randomly with respect to labels may generate train and test sets with varying label proportions, which presents its own challenges.

This variation in label proportions can be particularly noticeable for target genes with a low proportion of positive samples.

> For such genes, our cross-validation procedure may occasionally randomly select a training or test set that contains no mutated samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such genes, our cross-validation procedure may occasionally randomly partition a training or test fold that contains no mutated samples.
```
